feat(changelog): jobs-fixed-ephemeral-storage-min-value-decreased 2024-11-25 (#4025)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/november2024/2024-11-25-jobs-fixed-ephemeral-storage-min-value-decreased.mdx

---
title: Ephemeral storage minimal value decreased
status: fixed
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #serverless-jobs channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-11-25
category: serverless
product: jobs
---

> The minimal value validation for Ephemeral Storage for Jobs has decreased from 1024 to 1000. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The minimal value validation for ephemeral storage for Serverless Jobs was decreased from 1024 to 1000.
```

> This change fixes the creation of Job definition in the console with default values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This change fixes the creation of job definitions with default values in the console.
```

---

> title: Ephemeral storage min value decreased

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Ephemeral storage minimal value decreased
```

status: fixed
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #serverless-jobs channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-11-25
category: serverless
product: jobs
---

> 
> Minimal value validation for Ephemeral Storage for Jobs changed from 1024 to 1000. 
> 
> This change fixes the creation of Job Definition in the console with default values.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

The minimal value validation for Ephemeral Storage for Jobs has decreased from 1024 to 1000. 

This change fixes the creation of Job definition in the console with default values.
```
